Brother Xiao, thank you for being willing to come back and help me
Don't be so polite between you and me
But never
Recreate the scene where Zhou Huaijin was abandoned
Can really restore his memory
You have to try it or not
boss
What are you doing?
Now that you've seen it all
You get a divorce.
Why divorce
I married you just for fun
People like you
It is not worthy of my identity as the eldest lady of the Jiang family at all
Husband, let's go
Let's go
I'm leaving this thing
Please explain it to me.
Zhu Huaiji
An incompetent man like you
How can you give Wan Wan happiness?
Get out of here
Bastard
Bastard, don't find it
You don't want to divorce me
Don't challenge me
King
eight
I don't have to